OSDOCS-16959-config-req-header CQA (#116773)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/identity-provider-about-request-header.adoc

[id="identity-provider-about-request-header_{context}"]
= About request header authentication

[role="_abstract"]

> Configure request header authentication to identify users from header values such as `X-Remote-User`. Use an authenticating proxy with mutual TLS (mTLS) so the proxy validates users and sets the identity header for {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request header authentication identifies users from header values such as `X-Remote-User`. An authenticating proxy with mutual TLS (mTLS) validates users and sets the identity header for {product-title}.
```
Concept module, so the abstract shouldn't be instructing the users.
